hey guys welcome to my Wiley TV official
page my name is Alfie Wiley I just
wanted to bring you guys an awesome
theme from one of the Courage the
Cowardly Dog episodes called star makers
I just wanted to show you guys this
theme of me playing on my keyboard and I
was able to display virtually because I
couldn't record it so I'm happen to my
camera but I'll be back with my camera
I'll be able to show you guys how to
actually play it but if you guys can
follow along just pause the video or
week or rewind just to make these easier
for you if I get enough comments and
feedbacks that you guys actually want an
actual tutorial then I'll actually make
a real tutorial for you guys to follow
along for those who are who already had
experience in piano I already know the
numberings on the finger and you know
what part is being played on the left
hand as well as the right for those who
aren't musically talented
I'm just comment below or message me and
yeah I'll actually make a real tutorial
for you guys to follow along with I know
you there are many fans out there just
like me so yeah you know hit me up um
last but not least please give this
video a like and subscribe but great I'd
greatly appreciate the support
you know thank you so much hope you guys
enjoy peace
you